[Applause]
I'm very impressed that you're here
because you had to be evacuated from
your home last night correct yeah but
that's nothing for an action hero come
on that's true I mean I'm a positive
person I tell you that I'm happy that my
house hasn't burned down I am sure you
are and I'm sure you two you've
evacuated no no I wasn't if my brother
was but I live in a different part of
town oh yeah so are you disappointed
yeah I was disappointed I was not
evacuated I just drove in regular so you
have a lot of animals right yeah they
have Pony a miniature pony I have two
dogs yeah there's a lot of activity up
there what do you do with the pony you
throw that in the trunk or how does that
go you ride the pony out the send it to
sleeping camp
I see Oh a night sleeping cast asleep
awake
yes sleeping camp doesn't sound so good
but yeah well it's you know you put a
dog to sleep you don't really oh yeah no
I just want to make it clear you did
euthanize your pony I've only been in
America for 51 years yes how is it
possible that your accent has not
subsided even there's the slightest
degree you maintain this accent how can
that be
I think it has something to do that I'm
hanging out with sly every soft Sly
Stallone oh yeah I do want to ask you
something about sly but I want to ask
you a couple more things about these
fires because you were governor of the
state and you you had a lot of this sort
of thing to deal with what was the
biggest emergency situation that you
presided over when you were governor
well one time first of all you're
absolutely right fires happen all the
time and I think that during my
administration we have seen because of
climate change and other things the
fires increase there was no more fire
season it was kind of all year round
like as you can see this is very unusual
to have in October such huge fires yeah
sure
so they are not only in Southern
California but there Northern California
all over the place and when I was
governor there was one time I went to
bed and they said there's on 500 fires
all over California and I was like I
couldn't sleep the whole night I was
like up the thing to myself how do you
handle this and what do you do about it
how do you if the resource is folders
different places notice and then in the
morning I get up and then make a call
and they tell me there's now 2012 fires
all over California I was to think to
show you did the the size of it all it
said overwhelming did you really have to
kind of pull the act together and get
into the National God was helping I mean
everyone was helping the federal
government was helping the local
firefighters and we have one big
advantage here in California when it
comes to those kind of events and that
is we have the greatest firefighters in
the world bar none I mean we need more
resources though it was very clear that
us we increase in the amount of fires
that we need more airplanes you know
they dumped fire retardant we need more
helicopters more sophisticated
helicopters not just the Huey's from the
Vietnam War we need to the Blackhawk
helicopters so they can fly at night and
dump water at night which is very
important because right now we still
don't have the ability of really dumping
at night you if we wait until the
morning you agree with the president
that if we raked the forests more
frequently that we would not have fires
here well it does not that many things
that agree with it I want to
congratulate you you got a pretty great
guy joining your family Chris Pratt
married your daughter Katherine which is
soon something you were very happy about
yeah I don't know if the the thing is
that first I'm really happy that he is
such a great guy yeah not only very
talented guy and a great actor and a
great star and all the stuff but a
really kind man and too kind to my
daughter and is that which is the most
important thing for me but you know I'd
I was like blown away when my daughter
was telling me that she's going out with
them because I myself do you have to be
so competitive I mean then you have to
have a guy that is taller than me bigger
than me there's the bigger movies than
me and all of this kind of stuff that
makes more money than me and all is it
what is going on here so I think that
there was really wild I mean they have
all of a sudden this guy in the family
yeah like I said he's a really nice guy
he's very talented I get along with him
really well and of course the first
thing that when we met he was he says
can we have a workout together
I need to have the inside scoop to the
humping around the gym and we worked out
were you impressed did you like it was
that part of how you decided whether he
could be a part of your family or not
they're watching him work out that
pumping iron was the decision making
fact
whoo-hoo benches more you are Chris
Pratt you know I really don't know
because I haven't bench press for a
while because my shoulders a I say
enough injured but he's a strong guy
there's no two ways about it and I'm
very proud of him and like I just said
when I watched him make this moves in a
gym you know the incline press
specifically did it oh why I wanted him
to become me ask you for permission to
take your daughter's house a very
traditional way yeah mm-hmm that's good
you know that right very good that's
essential absolutely did he invite you
to the bachelor party no he did not even
god no it would have been more fun if
you were there though I bet I I would
have really made sure that everything is
cool this bachelor party ends up like my
bachelor party
what was your bachelor party like it was
wild he was with animals and oh my god
you know if they brought in sheep in in
Sadr belts and stuff like that I mean it
was not pretty
anyway that pony must be nervous up
there
[Applause]
you mentioned Sylvester Stallone and I
want to ask you a story I heard about
Sylvester Stallone yeah is it true that
you trick Sylvester Stallone who is is
he a friend and a rival or just a rival
no no in the in the 80s he was just
arrived just arrived it was just
competition it was all about who is
making bigger movies who has more
definition in their muscles who has more
box-office success who kills more people
kills people more creatively who has
bigger guns in the end I started running
around with machine guns they were only
used for helicopters mounting on
helicopters tanks it was crazy it was
all-out war war so the story goes that
you somehow tricked him into making a
very bad movie yet is that true yes but
it's part of
how'd you pull that off because they
came to me because they Hollywood know
that I was wanting to get out of just
doing action movies and do comedies
that's why I did then twins in
Kindergarten Cop and right like that but
so they came to me with this other movie
and I forgot nobody was called stop on
my mother mom oh shoot exactly that's
right then so I read the script and it
was a busy I'm gonna do this movie so
then they went this fly and then sly
called mini says hey Hef they ever talk
to you about this movie and I said yes
it I was thinking about doing it this is
a really brilliant idea is this movie
it's over when he takes the toilet
[Applause]
well it's good boom did you do that you
slam him the ground like that I had to
this was a very sophisticated machine I
can tell you that I mean its abilities
it's called the rev 9 it's abilities are
much bigger much better than the t800
that I am right and so it really took a
lot of kind of action to you know kind
of confront this kind of monster one of
the things I love that you guys did
exists is the first time you and James
Cameron and Linda Hamilton have worked
together since t2 you just ignored the
other movies in the middle and just
picked this one up as the third well I
didn't I I did Terminator 3 and
Terminator 5 right before it's due
because it was governor at that time
yeah that block was you know I mean it's
it deals with the time travel it deals
with the future with the past with the
present and with order says it's action
I mean you know I think there's certain
people like Linda Hamilton and Jim
Cameron they feel very strongly that
this is now the sequel to the number two
mm-hmm so let them have it
okay all right why would you yeah
there's another thing I want to ask you
about about t800 there's a story that
you've told that the original choice the
actor who was going to play t800 was OJ
Simpson but now which is crazy does it
start with well but the interesting
thing about it was is that they then
chose me because they felt that OTA
didn't look enough of a killing machine
[Laughter]
but here's the interesting thing here's
the interesting thing now because of
what happened with OJ wait what happened
they did something happen to Oh J so
because it will happen huh
they now deny the head Oh J Jim Cameron
said this weekend he said let me correct
that right now Arnold is literally just
wrong I know it's hard to imagine you
don't argue with Arnold OJ Simpson was
never in the mix at all that was
rejected out of hand before it even got
any traction
there's no OJ under they said that
there's a paint you have a painting
painted by Jim Cameron and you said that
the old J's head is under your head he
painted your head over yeah but the only
thing is that I'm gonna scrape my face
off you know to prove it that I'm right
but look let's assume for a second he's
right
okay get enough traction that's the
point I'm making it didn't get enough
traction because he was not believable
enough as a killing machine it was the
biggest career changer for me and there
was a biggest career booster it was
fantastic working with Jim Cameron and
with Linda Hamilton in the first one in
the second one here now in this one Jim
Cameron created the story he did a
fantastic job and you know he's a very
close friend of mine I respect him
highly
you know his most extraordinary director
and also Tim Miller who directed now
this one is also fantastic director that
has the ability of putting off you know
the action and the visual effects that's
very important you know the etching the
visual effects all very important but
the thing that you probably more than
any other actor our famous for is like a
catchphrase
a line from the movie sometimes two
sometimes three lines from a movie that
become part of the English language
basically and so what I would like to
ask you is this we've got a ball and in
the bowl
are a bunch of famous lines from other
famous movies movies you are not in now
what you were not in but I would love to
if you would go through the ball pull
out some of these lines and you
translate them into Arnold ease and do
them as you would have done them were
you in these films okay right yes all
right so grab one and then just if you
could just look right at that camera and
and read it in say hello to my little
friend I love it already
todo I have a feeling that we are not in
Kansas anymore
[Applause]
no one puts Baby in the corner
all of them you undo one more issue give
us one more and what it's like to be a
funny guy over there this could be fun
yeah having a really good hippy Calle
mother
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it